feat(failure): add failure in relevant doc location (#2908)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/runtime/pages/work-execution.adoc

* set a date before which the work should not be retried
* increment the `retryCount` of the `WorkDescriptor`

=== Failures

> When a flownode fails, the exception that caused the failure is stored and can be retrieved by the API (Enterprise only). A failure is annotated with additional context information and can also be consulted after the flownode has been archived.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a flownode fails, the exception that caused the failure is stored and can be retrieved by the API (subscription editions only). A failure is annotated with additional context information and can also be consulted after the flownode has been archived.
```
